Concentric circles, of course, but I'll explain it one way. And
there's probably other ways to think about this as well. In my
eyes, the business analyst is there every day, trying to
respond to the questions at hand for the day or the week, or
maybe the two weeks, most of the stuff that they are working on
is going to be relatively one off, right? Hey, can you help me
figure out this carrier problem this week? Can you help me
figure out why a vendor isn't shipping on time this week? And
then those insights or those discoveries, ultimately, we want
to be able to do that in a repeat fashion. So I kind of see
that's where the technical problem solvers can bring their
more technical skills in and say, Oh, that's great that we
found that let's do that over and over again. So right,
business analysts, more ad hoc one offs, and then the technical
problem solvers, we're trying to scale it up and make it
repeatable. With that said, the technical problem solvers also
sometimes are working on ad hoc, but maybe we need to figure out
how many yard spaces do we need in our yards, because we're
going to have the highest volumes that target is ever
pushed through our supply chain network this fall. Should we get
additional off site yard space at some yards? So yeah, again,
concentric circles, but that's a little bit of the
differentiation that I see.